MM-30851 Replace ExperimentalChannelSidebarOrganization with EnableLegacySidebar (#4266)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"LoginButtonTextColor": ""`` with string input.                                   |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Experimental Sidebar Features
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Not available in Mattermost Cloud. Not available in Mattermost Server v5.32 and later.*

This configuration setting has been deprecated in favor of `Enable Legacy Sidebar <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-legacy-sidebar>`__. 

> **Disabled**: Users cannot access the experimental channel sidebar feature set.

Reviewer: Should this have (Off) added, to fit with the config setting information that follows?

Author: Good question. The pre-existing ExperimentalChannelSidebarOrganization config setting remains as-is with 3 values: off, default_off, and default_on.

> **Enabled (Default On)**: Enables the experimental sidebar features for all users on this server. Users can disable the features in **Account Settings > Sidebar > Experimental Sidebar Features**. Features include custom collapsible channel categories, drag and drop to reorganize channels, and unread filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Enabled**: Enables the experimental sidebar features for all users on this server. Users can disable the features in **Account Settings > Sidebar > Experimental Sidebar Features**. Features include custom collapsible channel categories, drag and drop to reorganize channels, and unread filtering. This is the default setting.
```

> **Enabled (Default Off)**: Users must enable the experimental sidebar features in **Account Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Enabled**: Users must enable the experimental sidebar features in **Account Settings**.
```

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalChannelSidebarOrganization": off`` with options ``off``, ``default_on`` and ``default_off``.                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalChannelSidebarOrganization": off`` with options ``off``, ``default_on``, and ``default_off``.                                         |
```

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Enable Legacy Sidebar
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Not available in Mattermost Cloud. Available in Mattermost Server v5.32 and later.*

> This setting re-enables the legacy sidebar functionality for all users on this server. We strongly recommend that you leave this configuration setting disabled. The new sidebar offers most of the same functionality available in the legacy sidebar and a number of new features that make channel management easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting re-enables the legacy sidebar functionality for all users on this server. We strongly recommend that you leave this configuration setting disabled. The new sidebar offers most of the same functionality available in the legacy sidebar and includes a number of new features that make channel management easier.
```

> **Disabled by default**. When disabled, the new sidebar functionality is enabled including custom collapsible channel categories, multi-channel select, drag, drop, and move channel organization, channel and category sorting, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Disabled**: The new sidebar functionality is enabled including custom collapsible channel categories, multi-channel select, drag, drop, and move channel organization, channel and category sorting, and more. This is the default setting.
```

Reviewer: I've reworded this as our docs generally mention the default setting in the second part/final part of the description. 

However, looking at the line below, I wonder if I've misunderstood and it should be the same as the previous entry and have off, default_on, and default_off? So it would be enabled/disabled with the related option.

LMK if my feedback is unclear!

**Enabled**: When enabled, the legacy sidebar features are enabled for all users on this server. However, Mattermost users can’t disable legacy sidebar functionality in **Account Settings**.

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"EnableLegacySidebar": off`` with options ``off``, ``default_on`` and ``default_off``.                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"EnableLegacySidebar": off`` with options ``off``, ``default_on``, and ``default_off``.                                                            |
```

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"LoginButtonTextColor": ""`` with string input.                                   |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Experimental Sidebar Features
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> *Not available in Mattermost Cloud. Not available in Mattermost Server v5.32 and later.*

Author: Agreed. Removed the statement.

This configuration setting has been deprecated in favor of `Enable Legacy Sidebar <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-legacy-sidebar>`__. 

**Disabled**: Users cannot access the experimental channel sidebar feature set.

**Enabled (Default On)**: Enables the experimental sidebar features for all users on this server. Users can disable the features in **Account Settings > Sidebar > Experimental Sidebar Features**. Features include custom collapsible channel categories, drag and drop to reorganize channels, and unread filtering.

**Enabled (Default Off)**: Users must enable the experimental sidebar features in **Account Settings**.

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalChannelSidebarOrganization": disabled`` with options ``enabled`` and ``disabled``.                                         |

Reviewer 2: These config values should not be changed

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalChannelSidebarOrganization": disabled`` with options ``enabled`` and ``disabled``.                                         |

Author: Agreed. I had reversed this change, but I've had to re-apply it.

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Enable Legacy Sidebar
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> *Not available in Mattermost Cloud. Available in Mattermost Server v5.32 and later.*

Reviewer: Perhaps: "Available from Mattermost Server v5.32"?

**Enabled**: When enabled, the legacy sidebar features are enabled for all users on this server. However, Mattermost users can’t disable legacy sidebar functionality in **Account Settings**.

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"EnableLegacySidebar": disabled`` with options ``enabled``, and ``disabled``.                                                            |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Sidebar Organization
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This setting applies to the legacy sidebar only. You must enable the `Enable Legacy Sidebar <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-legacy-sidebar>`__ configuration setting to see and enable this functionality in the System Console.

.. note::

>   We strongly recommend that you leave the **Enable Legacy Sidebar** configuration setting disabled. The new sidebar offers most of the same functionality available in the legacy sidebar, and includes a number of new features that make channel management easier.

Reviewer 2: This experimental setting is not recommended for production environments. The new channel sidebar matches and exceeds the feature set offered by this configuration setting.

We strongly recommend that you leave the **Enable Legacy Sidebar** configuration setting disabled so users can access new channel sidebar features, including custom, collapsible channel categories, drag and drop, unread filtering, channel sorting options, and more. Learn more about these features (link to docs page).

Reviewer 2: Let's add this note to every one of the experimental settings that only work with the legacy sidebar ^

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This setting applies to the legacy sidebar only. You must enable the `Enable Legacy Sidebar <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-legacy-sidebar>`__ configuration setting to see and enable this functionality in the System Console.

.. note::

  We strongly recommend that you leave the **Enable Legacy Sidebar** configuration setting disabled. The new sidebar offers most of the same functionality available in the legacy sidebar, and includes a number of new features that make channel management easier.

**True**: Enables channel sidebar organization options in **Account Settings > Sidebar > Channel grouping and sorting** including options for grouping unread channels, sorting channels by most recent post and combining all channel types into a single list.
**True**: Enables channel sidebar organization options in **Account Settings > Sidebar > Channel grouping and sorting**. Includes options for grouping unread channels, sorting channels by most recent post, and combining all channel types into a single list.

> **False**: Hides the channel sidebar organization options in **Account Settings > Sidebar > Channel grouping and sorting**.

Reviewer 2: please leave this as it was, this is still accurate if the legacy sidebar is enabled

**Disabled**: Users cannot access the experimental channel sidebar feature set.

**Enabled (Default On)**: Enables the experimental sidebar features for all users on this server. Users can disable the features in **Account Settings > Sidebar > Experimental Sidebar Features**. Features include custom collapsible channel categories, drag and drop to reorganize channels, and unread filtering.

**Enabled (Default Off)**: Users must enable the experimental sidebar features in **Account Settings**.

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalChannelSidebarOrganization": off`` with options ``off``, ``default_on`` and ``default_off``.                                         |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Enable Legacy Sidebar
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> *Not available in Mattermost Cloud. Available from Mattermost Server v5.32.*

Reviewer 2: Remove "Available from Mattermost Server v5.32."

> This setting re-enables the legacy sidebar functionality for all users on this server. We strongly recommend that you leave this configuration setting disabled. The new sidebar offers most of the same functionality available in the legacy sidebar and includes a number of new features that make channel management easier.

Reviewer 2: This setting re-enables the legacy sidebar functionality for all users on this server. We strongly recommend System Admins disable this setting so users can access [enhanced sidebar features](https://mattermost.com/blog/custom-collapsible-channel-categories/), including custom, collapsible channel categories, drag and drop, unread filtering, channel sorting options, and more.

Author: Thanks for the blog entry URL. That's a great addition!

> **True**: Users can access all new channel sidebar features, including custom, collapsible channel categories, drag and drop, unread filtering, channel sorting options, and more. See `the documentation <https://docs.mattermost.com/help/getting-started/organizing-your-sidebar.html>`_ to learn more about these features.

Reviewer 2: True false are mixed up here

Author: They sure are! Thanks!

> **True**: When enabled, the legacy sidebar features are enabled for all users on this server. Users cannot access any new channel sidebar features, and the legacy sidebar is enabled for all users on this server.

Reviewer 2: Propose: When enabled, the legacy sidebar is enabled for all users on this server and users cannot access any new channel sidebar features. The legacy channel sidebar is scheduled to be deprecated and is only recommended if your deployment is experiencing bugs or other issues with the new channel sidebar.

Author: Great clarification, @esethna!

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"EnableLegacySidebar": off`` with options ``off``, ``default_on`` and ``default_off``.                                                            |

Reviewer 2: This is a true false setting

Author: Aha! I updated the wrong setting values the last time. Thanks!

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Sidebar Organization
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Not available in Mattermost Cloud.*

This setting applies to the legacy sidebar only. You must enable the `Enable Legacy Sidebar <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-legacy-sidebar>`__ configuration setting to see and enable this functionality in the System Console.

.. note::

  This experimental setting is not recommended for production environments. The new channel sidebar matches and exceeds the feature set offered by this configuration setting.

> We strongly recommend that you leave the **Enable Legacy Sidebar** configuration setting disabled so users can access new channel sidebar features, including custom, collapsible channel categories, drag and drop, unread filtering, channel sorting options, and more. See `the documentation <https://docs.mattermost.com/help/getting-started/organizing-your-sidebar.html>`_ to learn more about these features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend that you leave the **Enable Legacy Sidebar** configuration setting disabled so users can access new channel sidebar features, including custom, collapsible channel categories, drag and drop, unread filtering, channel sorting options, and more. See `the documentation <https://docs.mattermost.com/help/getting-started/organizing-your-sidebar.html>`_ for more information about these features.
```

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"LoginButtonTextColor": ""`` with string input.                                   |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Experimental Sidebar Features
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This configuration setting has been deprecated in favor of `Enable Legacy Sidebar <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-legacy-sidebar>`__. 

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: Don't need the note on this one, since this setting is actually being deprecated

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalTimezone": true`` with options ``true`` and ``false``.  |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> Town Square is Hidden in Left-Hand Sidebar (Experimental)

Reviewer 2: still experimental

+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Town Square is Hidden in Left-Hand Sidebar (Experimental)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Available in Enterprise Edition E10 and higher*

This setting applies to the legacy sidebar only. You must enable the `Enable Legacy Sidebar <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-legacy-sidebar>`__ configuration setting to see and enable this functionality in the System Console.

.. note::

  This experimental setting is not recommended for production environments. The new channel sidebar matches and exceeds the feature set offered by this configuration setting.

> We strongly recommend that you leave the **Enable Legacy Sidebar** configuration setting disabled so users can access new channel sidebar features, including custom, collapsible channel categories, drag and drop, unread filtering, channel sorting options, and more. See `the documentation <https://docs.mattermost.com/help/getting-started/organizing-your-sidebar.html>`_ to learn more about these features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend that you leave the **Enable Legacy Sidebar** configuration setting disabled so users can access new channel sidebar features, including custom, collapsible channel categories, drag and drop, unread filtering, channel sorting options, and more. See `the documentation <https://docs.mattermost.com/help/getting-started/organizing-your-sidebar.html>`_ for more information about these features.
```

Service Settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Group Unread Channels (Experimental)

Reviewer 2: Still experimental

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This setting applies to the new sidebar only. You must disable the `Enable Legacy Sidebar <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-legacy-sidebar>`__ configuration setting to see and enable this functionality in the System Console.

.. note::

  In cases where users have previously enabled this functionality in **Account Settings**, changing this configuration setting won't change the user experience. The user's preference for this functionality is saved over the server-side setting.

> **Off**: Unread channels section is disabled for all users.

Reviewer 2: Propose we remove this "disabled/off" option entirely to make it less confusing

**Default On**: Enables the unread channels sidebar section by default. Users can turn it off in **Account Settings > Sidebar**. 

> **Default Off**: Unread channels section is disabled for all users.

Reviewer 2: Users can enable it in account settings

+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalGroupUnreadChannels": "disabled"`` with options ``"off"``, ``"default_on"``, and ``"default_off"``.                          |

Reviewer 2: Let's remove the "off" option all together

Group Unread Channels (Experimental)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This setting applies to the new sidebar only. You must disable the `Enable Legacy Sidebar <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-legacy-sidebar>`__ configuration setting to see and enable this functionality in the System Console.

**Default Off**: Disables the unread channels sidebar section for all users by default. Users can enable it in **Account Settings > Sidebar > Group unread channels separately**.

**Default On**: Enables the unread channels sidebar section for all users by default. Users can disable it in **Account Settings > Sidebar > Group unread channels separately**. 

+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalGroupUnreadChannels": "default_off"`` with options ``"default_off"`` and ``"default_on"``.                                                   |

Reviewer 3: This table is broken

Author: Thanks, @amyblais

Group Unread Channels (Experimental)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This setting applies to the new sidebar only. You must disable the `Enable Legacy Sidebar <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#enable-legacy-sidebar>`__ configuration setting to see and enable this functionality in the System Console.

.. note::

>   In cases where users have previously enabled this functionality in **Account Settings**, changing this configuration setting won't change the user experience. The user's preference for this functionality is saved over the server-side setting.

Reviewer 2: Thinking this over, we can probably remove this statement
